In this lecture, we explore the flexibility that we have within the test engine small file.
So we have total control test and G provides extreme flexibility in controlling what packages, classes
and test methods should run.
Much of this control is handled by the test engine XML file.
And we can use XML tags to control what should execute.
Let me trigger a test.
For example, we can set our tests in smell so they only triggers particular packages or classes or
test methods all down to our choosing.
So if we look at this visual example, I have configured the test engine XML file to only run the test
within package one.
And in package one there were ten Java classes and each class contains five test methods.
So in this example, all ten Java classes will run, and so will all five tests in each of those classes.
An example too.
I have configured the test engine simple so that it focuses on run in the classes within package two.
So the two classes will run from the package two and the methods within those classes would execute
also.
So let's look at our options.
So I'm going to be making changes to the tests in a XML file.
So if you ever wanted to refer back to a previous lecture to see what the test and simple file contained
at the time, then you'll be able to do this by downloading the XML version, which I have uploaded
to each particular lecture on Udemy.
So what I'm going to do in this lecture is create a new class.
So I'm going to copy and zero free.
And I'm going to create this call, this 1l0 for a test.
Now smell.
And inside this one, I'm going to call this method episode five and change that to five and this to
six.
And that's a six like so and I'm going to save it and close out class.
And then I'm going to do the same.
So copy and paste that lecturing that class again.
Cleanness also for B tests inject smell to.
And I'm going to change this to seven.
Mr. Seven.
An estate an estate to.
Then I'm going to save it.
So now I have two new classes and also have the two classes from the previous lecture.
So now I am going to open up the test inject smell, which currently contains the following.
So if I wanted to add those two new classes in my test, I can quite simply copy.
And paste like so.
But change in the 9 to 4.
And change an actor for.
So that name now references this.
And this name now references this.
Suffice to say this.
And now run the tests.
Inject, smell.
Let's see what happens.
And you can see eight has now been run and there was eight passes.
And if you look at the output, you can see that all of those methods within all four of those classes
have now run.
So if I wanted to just run everything inside the Section 11 package, I can do this by simply removing
the classes tags.
And here we've been.
The test tags.
I'm going to write.
Packages.
And inside that I am going to write package.
Name.
Equals.
Double quotes.
And I am going to provide the package name to section 11.
In an outsider, though.
Double quotes.
I'm going to use a forward slash and a closing tag.
So now if I save this.
And if I clear the console.
Let's see what happens when I run the test in small.
So you can see this time there has been ten tests run and it's ten passes.
And if I scroll up.
You'll see that there's two references to Hello World and then our methods.
So by writing this example, I've run every single class within that package.
So this is useful when we want to run all tests.
Say we had a package for regression tests and we wanted to run every single class within that package.
So in this lecture, we've seen how we can run or amend the test, inject smell to be selective in what
classes to run, and also how to run all classes that belong to a package.
In the next upcoming lectures, I even show you how we can run particular methods that belongs to a
class using the include and exclude keywords.
So that's all I wanted to show in this lecture.
Let's move on to the next.